---
layout: post
title: 2021 - Year of Ones
---

The Year of Ones is mostly focusing on myself and my health.

Not sure yet if the goals are doable or too lofty,
but they have a nice ring to them so at least I'll try.

* One hundred pushups - be able to perform one hundred pushups,
  in a row, by the end of the year.  
  I'm a wimpy noodle that can barely do ten now.
* One hundred squats;
* One hundred of something else - crunches? Dips?
* One pound lost a week;
* One meal a day (OMAD);
* Eating out no more than Once a week;
* 10k steps at least three times a week.
  Right now I'm sitting at 5k / day.

OMAD is going to be hard, not because of the obvious hunger --
I already tend to eat only once or one bigger meal a day,
but because my family tends to focus on a larger dinner,
whereas I would need this to be more in the middle of the day.

I'm also going to need to ask them to stop bringing left-overs home.  
We all love trying out new places and having exciting food brought home
will not do great for my already low ability to resist.

I will allow myself snacks, in the shape of high-fiber or high-protein
snacks: mostly fruits that help stave hunger (apples, citrus) and
protein shakes. A slice or two of cold-cuts also seems to help.

I will reduce my intake of sugar and carbs outside of the one meal.

To reach 100 push-ups, I would need to increase it by 10 pushups
every month, allowing for a margin of error. Having reached 30 in
three months or less, that seems doable.

That being said, I was also not doing full pushups, but only 90 degree ones.
I will try to for 100 proper/full pushups, but I'll settle for even being
able to do 100 half-pushups, or whatever you want to call them.

As a bonus goal, I'd like to end up being able to do 10 pulls up.
Right now I can't do one, so maybe that's too big of a jump.

Can't hurt to try.